Ladies, this is Jesse-San.  He’s in for the full treatment. (to Jesse) Hey, kick off your shoes, lay back... exfoliate.
So, where’s the maestro?  He out parking the mini-van? The mention of Walt just annoys Jesse.
Hmm.  I was gonna have you two flip a coin.  Since the genius can’t be bothered... (screw it) Today’s your lucky day.  Look around, kiddo, it’s all yours.
Yeah.  You are now owner of this fine establishment.
Don’t you get it?  On the outside it’s a nail salon, right -- on the inside it’s the best money laundry a growing boy could ask for. Jesse squints at the lawyer, shakes his head and snorts -- ridiculous.  He turns and heads for the door.
This is the nail salon, right?  I take your dirty money and I slip it into this salon’s nice, clean cash flow.  That’s called layering. In spite of himself, Jesse grows interested.  But that doesn’t mean he’s buying it.
Final step: integration.  The revenues from the salon go to the owner -- that’s you. Saul spills out Q-Tips mixed with cotton balls.  With pride:
Your filthy drug money has been transformed into nice clean, taxable income brought to you by a savvy investment in a thriving business. Logically it makes sense, but playing by the rules -- even criminal rules -- rubs Jesse the wrong way.
Hey, what?  Hey...  Listen to it! Come on!  I’m talking about your future here!  Listen to reason! Off Jesse, out the door and gone...
Well, that’s the best way to do business.
What would you like to happen?
Then you have it. But what does that mean, exactly?
Three million for three months, that was our agreement.  Extended annually, twelve million a year. (then) Call it fifteen.  Open-ended. Would that be agreeable? Once Walt would have jumped at it.  Now, he simply nods yes. Walt has his 30 pieces of silver.  By extending, he assures his continuing usefulness to Gus.  But at what cost? BREAKING BAD #309     "Kafkaesque"     AS BROADCAST      29.
Hey!  Wh... what are you doing here? Not the warmest of receptions.  Ted was already a bit nervous about trying this -- he’s not shocked by her reaction. Still, onward and upward.  Putting an innocent face on it:
I’m so sorry, you gave me and that time off and I really should have --
Let’s talk about this later, Ted, okay?
Later, Ted.  Not now.
Ted, I’m...  I’ll see you in a day or two?  Back at the office? BREAKING BAD #309     "Kafkaesque"     AS BROADCAST      39.
Well... no... I don’t pretend to understand, you know, all the details, but he was convinced that if he put enough money into it, he’d have a, um... uh -- (to Walt) God...  What is it?  A “statistical edge?” Walt takes a second to catch up with her.  Barely audible:
So he, every spare minute, Walt was at some card table somewhere.  At first he went to casinos, but then he realized that... VOICES approach nearby, a pair of NURSES.  Skyler pauses. When they’ve passed by, she continues, her voice lower.  Walt and Marie lean forward, they don’t want to miss a word. BREAKING BAD #309     "Kafkaesque"     AS BROADCAST      48.
Who is he?  What’s his name?  What are his qualifications?  Walt, this... (lowers her voice) ... money has to be unimpeachable when it reaches Hank and Marie.
That’s simple.  Walt here came up with a great story about gambling winnings.  Blackjack, right?  Some card-counting system?
But you can’t sell that for very long --
(interrupts) Yeah, yeah.  Way ahead of you.  Uh, we declare just enough so as not to arouse suspicion.  Then, Walt’s one- time winnings become seed money for investment.
Investment in what?
Do you even know Walt?  I mean, how would he, of all people, buy a Laser Tag business?  It-it doesn’t add up.
It adds up perfectly.  Walt’s a scientist.  Scientists love lasers! Skyler stares at him flatly.  The wind leaves Saul’s sails.
You worked here four years.  It’s a business you understand.  It’s a story people will believe.  Not Laser Tag.  This.  This is what we buy. Walt looks at her... what we buy?
That’s it?  That’s what you wanna buy? NEW ANGLE -- the Caddy is Saul’s, of course.  And here he is behind the wheel, Walt seated beside him. The wary look in his eyes tells us Saul isn’t loving the idea.  For his part, Walt probably isn’t doing the world’s greatest job selling it -- this is Skyler’s plan, after all. However, being a good devil’s advocate, Walt shrugs. BREAKING BAD #311          "Abiquiu"         AS BROADCAST      31.
“Wax-on, wax-off” -- was that you? (then) Hey, how come you guys always give with the air freshener?  I explicitly say I want no air freshener and every time I drive away smelling like an Alpine whorehouse. Walt’s not listening.  His attention is elsewhere. Walt’s POV -- a bushy-eyebrowed MAN stands in the wipe-down area, berating an employee (we can’t hear what he’s saying). Fans will recognize him as BOGDAN, Walt’s former boss. Walt’s attitude here is hard to gauge.  Sure he despised this man and this place... but is there a certain nostalgia in his eyes, a yearning for simpler times?
All due respect, I don’t see it. So, I vote, I vote no.
Is that you talking... or Yoko Ono?
Besides, this dump isn’t gonna work because it doesn’t have a Danny. Okay?  There’s no Danny here!
Danny runs the Laser Tag.  Danny is the guy who had a vision.  Where others saw a dirt lot, he saw black lights, rubber aliens, teenagers running around with ray guns, right?  He was like Bugsy Siegel in the desert.  And when the stock market took a shit and Danny got in trouble, he went searching for exactly the type of situation that we’re offering.  Okay, Danny will look the other way to keep his dream afloat.  In other words, Danny can be trusted.  Completely. (points to Bogdan) That guy?  The guy with the, uh, the eyebrows-that-won’t-quit?  Is he a Danny? Walt looks to Bogdan again.  The answer is clearly no.
You buy this place, all you got is a big building that squirts water. You got no Danny here. As Walt absorbs this, and Saul starts the engine... INT. ANDREA’S BEDROOM - DAY - LATER CLOSE ON a cigarette getting stubbed out in an ashtray.  It’s Andrea, reaching across Jesse to get to the end table. It’s afterwards.  She and Jesse are naked in bed (of course, this will be handled discreetly), as she lays her head down on his chest.  Jesse smokes his own cigarette, propped up by a few pillows.  Quiet.  Maybe even wistful.  Is he thinking of Jane?  After a beat:
Wh-what’s a “Danny?” Walt does his best to explain -- sotto so Walt, Jr. (who is presumably home) doesn’t hear. BREAKING BAD #311          "Abiquiu"         AS BROADCAST      40.
And he can’t get you another Danny to run the car wash.
I’m perfectly capable of managing a small business --
We’re working together... why not break bread together? Walt considers.  Nods.  Sounds... legit.  Gus, still smiling:
Walter.  I would like to help you, if I could.
Well, when I first started out, I made a lot of mistakes.  More than I care to admit.  I wish I’d had someone to advise me.  Because this life of ours... it can overwhelm. (a beat) You’re a wealthy man now.  And one must learn to be rich. (smiles faintly) To be poor?  Anyone can manage. Gus sips his wine.  Walt studies him.
Okay, um, about a wine cellar?  I mean, we certainly cannot be expected to live without a wine cellar.
Some worthless junkie.  For him you “intervene” and put us all at risk. Some contemptible junkie who couldn’t keep the peace for eight hours.
I heard about it.  He should have let me take care of them.
Are you asking me if I ordered the murder of a child?
Where is Pinkman now?
Give me a hug.  I see your Mom. Don’t keep her waiting.
How’s her driving? Chow blinks, confused by the question.  Helping him out, his gun still in hand, Mike mimes a steering wheel.
Driving.  Is she good behind the wheel?
Licensed?  Dependable? BREAKING BAD #313         "Full Measure"        AS BROADCAST       22.
Where’d they cross?
I’m making inquiries. Gus stares -- find him, his look says.  Mike exits.
Gale.  It’s good to see you.
I should have called first.  I’m not interrupting anything, am I?
Has Walter ever talked to you about why he got into this particular line of work..?
Oh, it is.  But specifically, has he ever spoken to you about his health problems? (off Gale’s frown) I’m not surprised.  He’s a very private person.
It is why he does this.  To provide for his family.  Which he’s accomplished.  They will never want for anything -- he’s seen to that.
That is very much the question. He does not want to talk about it. And every time I bring it up with him... (shakes his head; bad) I don’t know that he’s fully accepted the reality of it.  And, not to sound cold-blooded... but I am running a business here.
You don’t think you’re ready now?
I believe in you, Gale.  I know that when the time comes, you will be ready. Off Gus, smooth, warm and genuine... and (though Gale doesn’t know it) clearly planning Walt’s demise:
Yeah. (listens; then) Tell him I’m in conference. He clicks off and shuts his eyes, enjoying the ride. After a moment or two, we hear the o.s. DOOR open and close. FOOTSTEPS pad toward Saul.  A SHADOW falls across him.  Saul opens one eye, squinting up at this unwanted visitor.
Can’t you see I’m in conference? Reveal MIKE stands over Saul.
Saul, don’t make me beat you till your legs don’t work.  Now tell me where to find him. (then) You know it’s the right thing. Saul considers his options.  From deep within, he finds his inner Clarence Darrow.  His hidden strength.  Gravely:
(holds up his hands) But who’s to say I didn’t write the address down in-in my day-planner? Seeing where this is headed, Mike lets him up.  Saul scrambles to his feet and rounds his desk, rifling through his scheduler.  Not finding what he’s looking for... BREAKING BAD #313         "Full Measure"        AS BROADCAST       33.
Well, one look at this place, you’re gonna fall in love, so... Our two guys ride on in silence.
You got your bumper cars over there down the way.  Got your arcade right here -- all the latest video games.  Snack bar’s over there. Nothing stopping you from selling beer to the parents.  That’s a whole new revenue stream...
Where is he right now?  You give me an address.
Now, just what the hell was that, exactly? Walt sets his jaw, gazes coolly.  He doesn’t answer.  He even has the intestinal wherewithal to fix his crooked collar, just now pulled askew by Victor. Strongly sensing he’s been had, Mike finally draws a GUN from his jacket pocket (not the HK from Act Two, but something smaller).  Victor does the same. Amazingly, Walt doesn’t flinch, doesn’t quake.  Far from it.
Dinner two nights.  Not weekends. With twenty-four hours’ notice.
Three.  Six hours’ notice.
Okay, so, what’s Plan B?
Well, let’s brainstorm. Saul leans back in his chair, steeples his fingers.
(thinking out loud) Well, you know, Roswell Correctional’s pretty low impact, you know.  In the past, I’ve recommended Springer, but I’m hearing chancy things about their bathrooms since they renovated. So.
(shrugs) Well, it falls under my Premium Services Package, but you can afford that. Saul picks up his phone and dials.
I spoke to Goodman about Pinkman and this plan of yours.
The problem is... the Boss wouldn’t like it.
My boss. (adds meaningfully) Your boss. Mike works for Gus?!  This is news to Walt.  Troubling news. It’s another sign of Gus’ extensive, subterranean reach.
Now, I realize you two have a history, but this kid’s been on the bubble a while now.  It’s a long time comin’. Walt gets a chill.
Those men outside are my trusted employees.  And when I learned what you intended to do... Gus can barely contain his contempt for the cowardice and stupidity of Jesse’s plan.  He lets his words trail off, not finishing his thought.  But his meaning is very clear.
Hey, uh, did you know your Dad and I are thinking about maybe starting a business together? Walt, Jr. likes the sound of that.  Yet another hopeful sign for the White family household.
Um, we’re thinking maybe a car wash.
So we try to clean them every night.  But make sure it’s off before you open the intake valve... Gus watches patiently as his employee gives it a try.
Good.  Now, I suggest that you add this to your Monday maintenance schedule...
(oh shit) Okay, I’m listening.
What RV?
Okay.  Yeah... what exactly does “knows about” mean?  Does he have it, has he searched it --
what do I look like, the RV disposal people?  Did you not plan for this contingency?
You’ll have to.  The decision isn’t yours to make. This doesn’t go over well with these two.  In fact, the body language all around feels a little like an Old West showdown. But before it can turn into the OK Corral...
North of the border is my territory.  My say. (then) As a show of respect, I say yes. The Cousins glance to one another, mild surprise showing in their faces.  They didn’t see this coming.
I have an offer that I think will interest you.
I’d like you to hear my offer, notwithstanding.
Three months, then out.
May I take this as a “yes?” We’re thinking it’s leaning that way, definitely.  And yet... ... And yet, Walt’s expression saddens.  Darkens.  He gives a tiny little shake of his head.  Soft, half to himself:
