You want me to go ask for another?
You’ve got all these nice tulips there, and good baby’s breath... BREAKING BAD #309     "Kafkaesque"     AS BROADCAST      15.
Wow, look at the size of this basket.  It’s got so many goodies in it!  Look.  Chocolate-covered pretzels and, uh, cheese sticks and some fancy designer olives...
No.  He’s great.
Thank God. Marie’s already racing ahead to the next logical step. BREAKING BAD #309     "Kafkaesque"     AS BROADCAST      18.
Hey... there he is!  Finally!  I went ahead and started without you. BREAKING BAD #309     "Kafkaesque"     AS BROADCAST      21.
Wait, wait, wait!  Hey!  Ladies, thank you, good job.  Come back here. The women drift away, busying themselves elsewhere -- texting and what-not.  Saul pulls out his toe spacers and dries off.
Good.  I’m glad. (off his silence) Walter, you seem troubled.  How can I help you? Carefully controlling his voice, Walt gets down to business. He’s meticulously planned every word.  He speaks them softly. BREAKING BAD #309     "Kafkaesque"     AS BROADCAST      27.
What?  No!  No-no-no, you should rest.  Look.  Why don’t you go in and take a long bath?  I put fresh sheets on the bed.
Um, Marie, this is Ted.  My boss.
It was.  It was really nice.  Thank you. BREAKING BAD #309     "Kafkaesque"     AS BROADCAST      36.
-- cheese sticks... very good. Marie, nodding, gives a big thumbs-up.  Ted probably doesn’t follow this completely, but he plays along well.
(recovering) Of yeah.  You should.  I’m sorry. Come on in, Ted.
Thanks for stopping by.  But, it’s... actually, not the best time for a visit.  So...
Thank you. (a pregnant pause; then) But I really do need you to... ... Leave.  As in now.  Ted hesitates, not wanting to. Furthermore, he doesn’t get why he even needs to.  Meanwhile, Skyler steps a few feet over to glance down the hall and check if Marie is eavesdropping (no sign of it).  That rubs Ted a little wrong, as well. BREAKING BAD #309     "Kafkaesque"     AS BROADCAST      38.
Okay.
Jesus.
So, he put his mind to it, and uh... well, you know how Walt is, he’s-he’s a problem solver.  And he read books and he did a whole bunch of research... and he came up with this system.
A system for counting cards in Blackjack.
Anyway.  This system of his -- he finally got it to work. In the middle of this emotional roller coaster ride, Walt is beginning to nurse a faint flicker of hope.  After all, Skyler’s proposing to use his drug money for the family -- and that’s a first step towards accepting what he’s done.
No.  Your Dad is. Really?  Off Junior, smiling at this unexpected surprise... INT. WHITE HOUSE - DINING ROOM - NIGHT Two hours later.  Empty sauce-smeared plates tell us that the dinner is well over, as we find Walt in his old chair with baby Holly cradled against his body.
Mmm.
Ah.  A “’Stang,” mm-hmm?
What is “Ice Station Zebra Associates?” Walt wasn’t expecting questions, so he’s a little thrown. BREAKING BAD #311          "Abiquiu"         AS BROADCAST      16.
Whose loan-out?
But, how do I know that?  I mean, apparently you can’t even tell me the man’s name. Exasperated, Walt thinks he can call her bluff.
Hell.  Welcome.  What a pleasure it is to have you!  I’m just gonna call you Skyler, if that’s okay. It’s a lovely name.  Reminds me of a... big beautiful sky.  Walt never told me lucky how lucky he was... prior to recent unfortunate events. Walt watches nervously as his two worlds collide -- Saul fawning over the tall-drink-of-water that is Skyler, and Skyler uneasy that she might accidentally pick up a social disease from the charged and shifty shyster that is Saul.
Clearly his taste in women is the same as his taste in lawyers: only very best with just the right amount of dirty. (laughs; off her stare) That’s a joke.  That’s a joke. It’s funny because you are so clearly very classy.  Here, please, sit down. Saul pulls out a chair for her.  When she’s not looking, Saul gives a quick eyebrow-raise of approval to Walt for landing such a looker.  Walt tries not to notice, taking his own seat as Saul rounds to the business side of his desk.
Drum roll please... wait for it... (beaming) x. Crickets.  Off their non-reaction: BREAKING BAD #311          "Abiquiu"         AS BROADCAST      20.
Laser Tag!  Seven thousand square feet of rollicking fun in the heart of northern Bernalillo County! Skyler is stone-faced.
Laser Tag.
Yeah.  There’s guns and glo-lites, and kids wear the vests and runa round in teams--
Plus, they got bumper boats.  So.
What about me? Walt is not sure he heard her right.
Me.  I’ll be the Danny. Walt, appropriately, freaks.
Do you mind...? He surprises Walt by HANDING him the blade, handle-first.
Wwould you slice the garlic?  Very thin. Walt examines the blade in his hand.  He can SEE HIMSELF reflected in the shiny stainless. Walt looks up from the knife, considers Gus... who has turned his back to attend to some shallots frying on the stove. It’d be so easy for Walt to plunge this knife into Gus.  Is this a test?  Gus giving him the opportunity for vengeance to see what he will do?  Or is this some twisted show of trust? Walt has to know -- and asks a simple question.  Carefully keeping his voice even, not sounding too suspicious:
Now... the garlic? Walt again glances at the knife in his hand and the garlic before him.  Off him slicing it thin, just as he was told: INT. SUBURBAN HOUSE - DINING ROOM - NIGHT An hour later.  Over their jointly prepared meal (which looks quite good, Gus is no slouch in the kitchen!), Walt is still on-guard, but less so.  He knows Gus is a master chess player.  But is there a move here?  And what is it? While they eat...
It always amazes me... the way the senses work in connection to memory. (re: his plate) This stew is simply an amalgam of ingredients.  Taken separately, these ingredients alone don’t remind me of anything.  Not very much at all.  But in this precise combination?  The smell of this meal..?  Instantly, it brings me back to my childhood.  How is that possible?
That’s very interesting. He probably really means this.  Walt nods... but he still can’t be comfortable.  What the fuck is this meal about?! Sensing his discomfort...

Come on, I gotta cheer you up. (re: photo) You see that?  That’s your “Get- Outta-Jail FREE” card. Jesse’s good eye follows Saul as he circles around to the other side of the bed.  Saul couldn’t feel more on top of the world...
You’re so sure.
Contact Pinkman.  Get him to drop these charges. Walt considers her a moment.  Choosing his words carefully... BREAKING BAD #307    "One Minute"      AS BROADCAST      18.
-- I’m not asking.
I’m not asking.  But there must be something you can say.  Isn’t it even worth a try?  Hank is your family.
What?
Hi, I hope we’re not too late.
Okay.  Stan, this is my husband Walt.
So... this is it, honey. (off his polite nod) Whaddya say?  Do you wanna take a tour
Okay.
Okay, thanks.
He’s actually a nice guy.  He doesn’t push.
So, as you can see, there’s a kinda flow going on here.  It’s a nice big living room.  And this is the, um, dining area.
(tah-dah!) Oh, and uh... it’s got a pool...
What is Option B?
You’d need a new assistant.
No.  This time I choose. Walt may not love this, but he can’t argue.  He’s lucky to be alive.  He nods.  Agreed. Done with Walt, Gus turns and heads back to the Suburban. Victor does too, climbing behind the wheel. Walt hesitates only a moment before he realizes he’s been dismissed.  He turns and starts off on the long walk back to his Aztek.  We PULL him away from here. As we pass Mike, he turns our way, calling after Walt:
Your car.  Get it fixed.
I’ll bet he’d come running -- BOOM,
Well... a little.  But he’d probably knock everything over. Plus, there’s that big nose of his.
Is that so?
Huh.  I learn all kinds of things being with you. BREAKING BAD #313         "Full Measure"        AS BROADCAST       16.
Okay, Junebug, these are for you? The little girl frowns up at the three measly balloons she’s got, then points at the dozen more that are still in the car.
Bye, baby. The girl prances off, headed up the walkway of a nearby house.  A WOMAN in her thirties stands waiting on the porch. She waves to Mike, who waves back. Ah, what a kind, sweet granddad Mike is.  But what does he want with those balloons? BREAKING BAD #313         "Full Measure"        AS BROADCAST       17.
Chow.  You have anything you wanna tell me?
They keep you prisoner.
You’re a businessman.  The lady out front -- (calls down the hall) Hey lady, are you still there? (back to Chow) Ask her if she’s still there.
Laredo, looks like. (shrugs) They didn’t exactly send their “A” players.  But like you said, it’s cartel, alright. BREAKING BAD #313         "Full Measure"        AS BROADCAST       23.
Probing for weakness.
What about Pinkman?
I have a very large investment in this. BREAKING BAD #313         "Full Measure"        AS BROADCAST       28.
Now, I intend to keep Walter on for as long as he wants, assuming he’s physically up to it.  But as he cannot or will not tell me how long that might be... (regretful) I must prepare for the worst-case scenario. Gale nods.  Silence for a moment -- then Gale realizes Gus is waiting for an answer to his original question.
I’m looking to find a client of yours.  I was hoping you could help me out with an address.
Jesse Pinkman. Saul frowns up at Mike, raising an eyebrow.
I can’t tell you, Mike.  Alright? I -- look.  If I was to tell you, well I just... I couldn’t live with myself.  I’m sorry. Wow.  Mike sighs and regretfully rises to his feet.  He moves his chair, making room so he can kick the shit outta Saul. And, just as quickly, Clarence Darrow goes away.
No... no...
Shut up.  Shut up.  I can’t do it. I’m sorry.
That, it seems to me, is the safest way to make the best of a very bad situation, yes.
Wow.  Suddenly a fantasy story. Realizing this is a battle he will only lose, Walt instead turns it into a negotiation.
Not every night, no. BREAKING BAD #312       "Half Measures"    AS BROADCAST    10.
No.
(re: game) Bitch... (finally glances over) You know I’m hourly, right? Walt checks his watch for the 39th time.
(dry) Oh, he “promised”?  Why didn’t you tell me?  Let’s wait then. Walt sits there, staring off, like he hadn’t heard.
That’s a joke.  The kid ain’t coming. Walt stands, begins to pace. Saul quits his game, stretches.
I’ll call my P.I. Off Walt:  nodding, hopeful for this Plan B. BREAKING BAD #312       "Half Measures"    AS BROADCAST    24.
Well, I’m not gonna do it.
Because it’s moronic. BREAKING BAD #312       "Half Measures"    AS BROADCAST    27.
(shrugs, ‘maybe’) That’s not the moronic part.
Um... I used to be a beat cop, long time ago.  And I’d get called out on domestic disputes all the time. Hundreds, probably, over the years. But there was this one guy, this one piece of shit that I will never forget.  Gordie.  He looked like Bo Svenson.  You remember him? “Walking Tall?”  You don’t remember?
No more half measures, Walter. OFF WALT:  Staring off, stuck.  Thinking the unthinkable...
Gonna need you to come with me. Before Jesse can protest, VICTOR opens the passenger door and leans over Wendy.
Sit down. Jesse takes the empty seat in front of him.  Victor and Mike sit nearby, ready in case they’re needed. Gus begins with quiet authority.  He states the case simply and accurately with an almost judicial detachment.
Wait outside. BREAKING BAD #312       "Half Measures"    AS BROADCAST    35.
(to Jesse) Pardon me? Jesse rises to his feet and forces himself to look right at Gus.  As scared as he is, Jesse’s not backing down.  Even Gus is surprised by Jesse’s quiet bravery.
(to Mike) Bring them back. Mike goes to the door and signals to Victor.  Jesse doesn’t take his eyes off Gus as Victor leads the Bulletheads back in.  The drug dealers don’t go back to their chairs, they stand across from Jesse, waiting for Gus to give the word. BREAKING BAD #312       "Half Measures"    AS BROADCAST    37.
Understand? The Bulletheads glance at each other, pissed.  Somehow Jesse talked the boss into muscling into their business.  Still, they nod.  An order from Gus is not to be questioned.
Say it.
Shake hands. Jesse slowly reaches out and shakes the hands of each of Combo’s killers in turn.  Walt’s relieved but also deeply humiliated.  He’s never stood up to Gus like this, never even imagined it.  Off Jesse -- has he just won a victory?
(shrugs) Yeah, okay. He nods and continues down the hallway. INT. WHITE HOUSE - BATHROOM - EVENING Walt enters, closes the door and turns on the sink.  He takes out his phone and dials.
(good-naturedly) So the TV turns itself off, huh?
Can you turn that off? Walt doesn’t hear her.  He’s fixated on the TV screen.
Walt.
(bitterly sarcastic) “MY unhappiness.”  My completely, out-of-the-clear-blue-sky unhappiness.  Really?
Walt... no.
Ah... morning.
Why?  They’re doing nothing wrong. And furthermore, I don’t wish to discuss it -- that’s the polite and subtle message here, which the Manager receives.
Okay, let’s put this pepper here... BREAKING BAD #306       "Sunset"     SCRIPT AS BROADCAST    19
What can I do for you?
Sunset. The Cousins seem to know what this means.  One rises, then the other... EXITING without another glance at Gus.  Who watches them go, his eyes hinting at an inner rage we’ve never seen before.  OFF this... BREAKING BAD #306       "Sunset"     SCRIPT AS BROADCAST    37
(smiling) Close.  Two months to the day.
Sixteen years. BREAKING BAD #301     "No Mas"    WHITE   8/3/09     11.
Yes.  He’s a high school teacher. Chemistry teacher.
Okay.  I will think about that. Off the two of them shaking hands -- friendly, but strained:
Would you please just -- She changes her mind about stopping him.  It doesn’t matter anyhow.  Ignoring his mom as studiously as she ignores her husband’s message, the teenager picks up the receiver.
(quiet, yet patient) Well, hello to you, too.
(overlapping her) Marie...  Marie. Marie finally throws up her hands.
Is this a good time to talk?
-- No, I should have called first.
Sure.
No, I’m fine.
I’m fine.  Thanks.
Yeah.  Let’s sit. Walt pulls together a couple of chairs (maybe detouring in a very brief attempt to make the bed).  They both sit. Skyler is running this show, and her discomfort is apparent as she tries to find the right way to begin.  The silence, meanwhile, is killing Walt.  So...
Is the food to your satisfaction?
Good to see you again. Gus offers his hand, and they shake.
May I..? Walt motions to the seat opposite -- by all means.  Gus sits down with him.  Smooth.  If anyone in the place is paying attention... and they certainly aren’t... they’d think Gus is spending a few moments with an associate, and nothing more. Gus keeps his voice low, but not to the point of whispering. After all, this is his place.  He knows the Muzak and the sizzle of the fryers will cover up anything he says.
