A “warning call?”  What do you mean? BREAKING BAD #309     "Kafkaesque"     AS BROADCAST      11.
Are we safe?
Are you safe?
Somehow, something tells me that Hank is here because of you.  And I’m not forgetting that. Damn right they’ll use the money for Hank’s recovery.  As far as Skyler’s concerned, that’s the only use for this blood money.  She pierces him with a knowing glance and follows Marie without looking back. Forgiveness and understanding are still distant hopes. NEW ANGLE -- looking into the waiting room from up the hall. Walt is framed in the doorway, watching Skyler disappear. Quietly devastated.
I am. Skyler holds out a hand -- let’s have it.  Marie reluctantly produces a folded piece of paper, hands it over.  It’s Hank’s
Yeah... Skyler nods... but not a confident one, as the enormity of the situation hits her.  Off her well-faked smile... AN ABSTRACT IMAGE.  A wavy SEA OF BLUE.  We are in...
At any rate, I need some assurances that we’re gonna go about this in a manner that is extremely safe and cautious.
Okay.  Let me bottom line this for you.  You don’t need to be involved.  Okay?  Because I’ve been doing this for a lot of years, successfully -- believe it or not, without your help! (smiles) So.  Thank you for stopping by. Saul is done.  Skyler stares at him -- they’re at stalemate. Off Walt, not wanting to make a move to remind either of them that he’s sitting there...
Safe and cautious, that’s all I’m asking -- and that man is neither. Walt sighs.
Who else would we trust? BREAKING BAD #311          "Abiquiu"         AS BROADCAST      41.
Never make the same mistake twice. Said simply... delivered in a totally casual, friendly manner... and yet what does it mean? Walt nods.  Fair enough.  But he can’t shake the idea that there’s something more to this.  That maybe it’s a warning. Off Walt and Gus, eating...
You understand “Get Out of Jail Free” card, right?  I mean, just blink once if you’re following... (moving on) The DEA’s worst nightmare is that face out in public.  They’re gonna have to steer a wide berth of young Master Pinkman.  For fear of the P.R. poop-storm that will rain down on them if this story ever gets out. (happy) I mean, this-this beating?  Best thing for you.  You’re home free. Good, right? (beat) Right. As Saul tries to get a response out of mute Jesse...
Uh, my advice?  That’s probably not a good strategy.  I mean, they’re scared of you right now.  They want nothing to do with you.  But if you hit them, they’re forced to hit back -- hard.  I mean, they will turn over every rock hither, thither and yon until someone spills the beans on you and-and anyone associated with you. Present company included. Jesse hears this, and there’s a subtle reaction... something clicking in his head.  Meanwhile, Walt gently chimes in.
Do you have a minute?
(good-natured) Five?  What, do I look like I’m about to drop a litter?
Walt, this is a good neighborhood. It’s got a good elementary, and supposedly a very good high school. And believe me, ‘cause I have definitely looked everywhere -- for our price range, this is as good as it gets.
Did you win the lottery and not tell me? They’re back in the hall by this point.  Walt grins and pulls her close.  They are full-frame, in SILHOUETTE.
You’re gonna wanna get your car fixed.
Has your condition worsened?
Your medical condition.  Has it grown worse?
Is there a ringing in your ears? (Walt shakes his head) Are you seeing bright lights, or hearing voices? Walt stares.  Gives the slightest shake of his head.
No, clearly you’re not.  No rational person would do as you have done. (I’m waiting!) Explain yourself. Unlike Mike, Gus is angry.  In control as always, we can nevertheless hear it in his voice -- he’s downright pissed. Nervous as he is, Walt stands his ground.  Doesn’t flinch. BREAKING BAD #313         "Full Measure"        AS BROADCAST       10.
I dunno, Walt.  It’s what I do, after all. Walt glances to Mike, then back to Gus.
The rest are for me.
Oh, you’re never too old for balloons. Mike shuts the door, serious about keeping them.  He bends down -- careful, bad back! -- and gives her a hug and a peck on the cheek.
Good. Abruptly, Mike raises his pistol and -- THUP! -- puts one through Chow’s raised LEFT HAND.  AAAAAHH! Chow grips his BLEEDING palm, his face contorted in agony. Mike turns his back on him, squats down to check the nearest dead man for ID.  Over Chow’s whimpers of pain:
The trucks’ll be here first thing in the morning.  I strongly recommend that you return our calls next time. (hearing no movement) So..?  Have her drive you to the hospital. Holding his hand, Chow rises and stumbles toward the hallway. Just as he clears frame...
Which client?
“Jesse-Pinkman-In-The-Phone-Book” Jesse Pinkman?  Hmm, how would one track him down, I wonder? BREAKING BAD #313         "Full Measure"        AS BROADCAST       31.
(annoyed) You’re still here..?
I’m gonna need your full attention, Saul.  Jesse Pinkman.  Current whereabouts.  The sooner you tell me, the sooner you can get back to... (indicates machine) ... Whatever the hell this is exactly.
Whoa.  You are good right there. Mike doesn’t shove, nor raise his voice.  There’s no need. Saul... reluctantly... remains where he is on the floor. Mike takes hold of one of the client chairs, pulls it close.
Now... when I say I’m looking for Pinkman, we both know why.  Don’t we?  And you pretending otherwise only wastes my time and serves to annoy me.
(growing nervous) Look, Mike... there are rules to this lawyer thing.
Is that right? BREAKING BAD #313         "Full Measure"        AS BROADCAST       32.
Or on a... scratch piece of paper... somewhere... (where the fuck is it?!) ... Who’s to say I didn’t write down a location?  Strictly for my own professional use. Yes!  Finding it written on a notepad, Saul tosses the pad atop his desk.  He points a finger at Mike -- NOW HEAR THIS!
Believe me, money-laundering ain’t what it used to be. (half to himself) God, do I miss the eighties. BREAKING BAD #313         "Full Measure"        AS BROADCAST       34.
You ever actually play laser tag? You know... it’s good cardio.  Plus you get to shoot at kids... BREAKING BAD #313         "Full Measure"        AS BROADCAST       35.
Holy Christ. Saul stops dead, puts his hands on his knees and sucks in a deep, ragged breath.  It’s as if he’s trying not to faint. With his eyes, he shoots Walt daggers.
“We’re GOOD?”  This constitutes “good” where you’re from?  My car is bugged --
-- I’m being followed?!  What the hell have you gotten me into?!  I got my very own PI threatening to break my legs!  That’s like Thomas Magnum threatening, that, that... (can’t think of it) ... Little prissy guy with the mustache... Another deep breath.  Recovering, Saul stands up straight.
Over and above.  Service-wise, this is over and above.  You and I survive this?  Oh, I’m seriously rethinking my pricing.  Yeah. BREAKING BAD #313         "Full Measure"        AS BROADCAST       36.
My guy’s no dummy, right?  So, I give us maybe twenty-four hours before he figures out that address goes nowhere. (off the grim silence) You guys do your thing, make it snappy.  I’ll go... see if they have Tetris or something. Shaking his head to himself, nervous Saul wanders off toward the arcade, leaving Walt and Jesse alone.  A beat.
I don’t know if it’s a barrel leak or what... but you got something mighty stinky down there. (motions gallantly) After you. Down in the lab -- that’s where they’ll kill me, thinks Walt. Make it look like an accident, for Gale’s sake.  No threats have been made, no guns are in evidence.  But Walt knows if he goes down into that lab, he’s done. Walt stares behind the enormous machine, breathing a little faster now.  He’s frozen.  Mike, mild and even, as always:
Walter.  The sooner you figure out what this is, the sooner we all go home. Walt does something surprising now.  Something we probably don’t expect. He BEGS FOR HIS LIFE.  Low and scared:
Four. (as he opens his mouth) Don’t push it. Walt considers, sighs... then nods (all of that horse-trading should play pretty fast, but not sitcom-fast).
You really think he’s serious?
(coolly insisting) This isn’t a phone talk, Walter. Your wife’s out, right? Walt hesitates.  He’s not crazy about letting this guy inside his home, but this sounds serious.  Walt stands aside, closing the door quickly after Mike enters.
Have a seat, Walter. Nice try.  Walt grudgingly sits.
This is a professional courtesy. No one knows I’m here.  Understand? Walt nods, numb.
Well, of course.  Just trying to do the right thing. (then) But two weeks later he killed her. Of course.  Caved her head in with the base of a Waring blender.  We got there, there was so much blood, you could taste the metal. (then) BREAKING BAD #312       "Half Measures"    AS BROADCAST    30.
I understand that you have a problem with two of my employees. Jesse’s putting it together -- this is the guy, the “boss.” The one he was never allowed to meet.  Jesse doesn’t quite have the nerve to meet Gus’ questioning glance.
It is true that they killed one of your associates.  It is possible they acted rashly.  But, on the other hand, there was provocation. The man was selling on their territory. (including the Bulletheads) There is blame on both sides. (a hint more force) This will go no further.  It will be settled right here, right now. But Jesse’s looking at Walt.  He can see Walt’s not here against his will.  And if that’s true...
If it wasn’t for this man -- and the respect I have for him -- I would be dealing with this in a very different way. Jesse cuts his eyes over to Walt.
You don’t look at him.  You look at me. (Jesse complies, then) This is what happens now.  My men will come back inside.  And you will shake their hands and you will make peace.  And that will be the end of this. He doesn’t need to say “or else.”  There’s no choice here. Jesse must knuckle under to survive. But... something won’t allow him to go along.  Something deep inside him rebels.  He returns Gus’ stare.  And says simply: BREAKING BAD #312       "Half Measures"    AS BROADCAST    36.
(to Jesse) And you.  You keep the peace. Jesse nods.  Not quite believing this outcome.
Is this a secure..?  Yes, what’s with the..? BREAKING BAD #306       "Sunset"     SCRIPT AS BROADCAST    31
-- So get rid of it!  What’re you doing sitting there talking to me for?! (quickly reconsiders) Better yet, have Pinkman get rid of it!  Right?  You don’t you go near it! Walt shakes his head -- no, no, no.
I told you before.  You will not kill Walter White.  Not until my business with him has concluded. One of the Cousins responds quietly, also in Spanish.  He doesn’t glare or grimace or otherwise threaten -- really, he doesn’t need to.  These dudes are scary without even trying.
Explain to me -- why this man White?  He betrayed your cousin Tuco, yes... but he’s not the one who murdered him. (off their stares) Was there not another man who pulled the trigger? A beat.  The first Cousin nods, speaks grudgingly.
The agent’s name is Hank Schrader. (a beat) May his death satisfy you. Ice-cold.  Off the Cousins, coming around to this bold new idea... and mild Gus, not so much as blinking... And the red SUN sinking to the horizon behind them...
Well, just temporarily.  Only until he could get his things together. That was supposed to be last week, but then came the crash, and...
(nodding) -- Right beneath the flight path. We had debris land right in our yard, all over our neighborhood...
Apparently, you know, even... parts of bodies..?  I mean, I couldn’t bring myself to go over there.
I mean it.  You understand? (breathing faster) Now lemme the hell out of here before I throw up. She’s not exaggerating.  Walt reluctantly steps aside. Quickly, Skyler is out the door and gone. Off Walt, left all alone way down here at rock-bottom...
