How is your brother-in-law?
(frustrated; snaps) You really wanna do this now? Are you really gonna make me do this right now? Ouch.  Ted gets it.  We do, too.  She’s talking about breaking up with him.  He’s hurt.  And Skyler deeply regrets having let him know in this manner.  But the damage is done.
I think Marie should know the truth. BREAKING BAD #309     "Kafkaesque"     AS BROADCAST      46.
-- No, no he did not fake that, Marie.  The night that Walt disappeared?  He lost fourteen thousand dollars.  It was his pension fund, our savings. Basically every last dime we had to our name.  Gone. Marie stares open-mouthed at Walt -- whose own mind is racing.  He’s astounded by the complexity, the inventiveness of Skyler’s lie.  But he’s also trying to understand where the lie ends and the truth begins.
Walt..?
Yeah, okay.  We’ll talk about it later. Marie exits, leaving Walt and Skyler by themselves.  It takes him a moment to even form the words, but finally: BREAKING BAD #309     "Kafkaesque"     AS BROADCAST      51.
(staring at him; a beat) I learned from the best. She means Liar Walt, of course.  Walt doesn’t quite know how to take this.  It doesn’t exactly sound like a compliment. Skyler leans in close and lowers her voice.
Hank, he just wants to be supportive-- But Walt Jr. softly interrupts his mom and aunt... BREAKING BAD #311          "Abiquiu"         AS BROADCAST      6.
Well, I think this is um... we should probably table this discussion for later.  Your Dad and I have a couple things to talk about, so... Junior sighs.  He gets up, gathering his crutches and heading to his room.
Um, if we’re going to go down this road... and clearly we are, for the sake of my brother-in-law...
I’ve heard about him.  Uh, he’s an American hero. Nodding, Saul gives out with the cheesy sympathy like a discount undertaker.  Skyler pauses flatly, then continues.
Makes more sense than you two being together!  I’m still trying to figure out how that happened...
“Hey everybody, Walt suddenly decided to invest in laser tag! Just out of the blue!”  Really? That’s what we’re supposed to tell people -- our family, our friends... the government... BREAKING BAD #311          "Abiquiu"         AS BROADCAST      21.
You.  This is what you buy. She corrects herself without urging, but still... Skyler is at a level of acceptance Walt would have never dreamed could happen.  Off Walt, eyeing this possible business venture, and an uneasy new stage in their relationship...
Walt, I’m in this, and if I’m in it, I’m gonna do it right.
We’re married.  How am I not in this?
(a bit sheepish now) I never actually got around to filing the papers. Walt is stunned.  And god knows, Skyler is NOT sitting here saying she WANTS to be married to Walt -- not at all.  Truly, she’s got something else on her mind.  Something imminently practical.  Quietly, gravely:
Married couples can’t be compelled to testify against one another.  So there’s that. OFF Walt, head spinning, seeing Skyler in a new light...
Ah, Walter.  You’re right on time. Please... come in. Walt gives a polite yet hesitant nod as he steps into... INT. SUBURBAN HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - CONTINUOUS Walt glances around as he steps through the door -- it looks normal enough.  No armed thugs, no Scarface-type decorations. It looks like... a home. Gus shuts the door and faces Walt.  Walt doesn’t know what he’s in for -- did Gus find out about Jesse stealing?  Will he be taken to task?  Is this the end of Walter White? Then...
I hope you like Paila Marina... Gus walks off.  Walt stands a frozen beat.  As he follows...
Come on.  You can help me cook. Walt continues through the place, into... INT. SUBURBAN HOUSE - KITCHEN - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS Gus washes vegetables at the sink as Walt enters this well- appointed kitchen.  High-end pots and pans -- someone who loves to cook lives here.  Dinner is halfway prepared.
This is a Chilean dish that I love, but... I never get to make it. Kids won’t eat it.  But, uh...  You know how that is. Expecting trouble around every corner, Walt is surprised he’s not finding any.  Nodding distractedly...
(considers) If he doesn’t... there may come a time to talk options. Said matter-of-factly... and yet this is darkly ominous.
No.  We need to talk. (then) You heard about Hank.  About what happened with this, um, Jesse Pinkman. Walt, so far beyond lying anymore, nods.
I thought maybe, um... there’s a way you could help him.
If push came to shove, I was wondering how soon you might be able to take over the lab yourself. You, and, uh, an assistant. Gale thinks about this for a moment.
Yeah, unfortunately, I do, Walter. Downstairs.
Hey.
(to Walt) Hi.  Um, do you have a minute? (off his nod; to Junior) Could you, uh, go in and keep an eye on your sister for me? Walter, Jr. takes that as his cue to head inside the house.
Have you thought anymore about what we discussed?
So, show me the flaw in it.
Hey, I don’t love this situation, alright?  That you put me in! However, let’s just stick with what makes sense here:  You took the seed money you won gambling, you invested it in the car wash that you helped run for four years.  You hired your wife as a bookkeeper, because guess what?  She’s actually a bookkeeper.  Now, that is a story an auditor can believe.  So what am I missing?
Okay, my estranged husband, who -- when he was working -- made forty- three thousand dollars a year, starts shoveling money at me.  And when the police come, I’m supposed to say “Gee, I, uh, never thought about it, officers.  Made sense to me!”  Really?  That, in your mind, is “plausible deniability.” (off his silence) I tell you what, Walt... BREAKING BAD #312       "Half Measures"    AS BROADCAST    9.
(smiling, re: Holly) Aw, isn’t she somethin’.  I got a granddaughter a few years older. Uneasy about these two worlds of his colliding, Walt picks her up and loads her into the bassinet.
Listen to me.  You have one friend in this room. (pointing at Walt) This man. Walt stays seated --- and silent.  The body language makes it clear; Gus is the boss here.  There’s no trace of “Heisenberg” now; Walt has become a submissive company man.
(to the Bulletheads) No more children. Glances of confusion around the room.
Dinner’s almost ready, okay?
(quiet, to Walter, Jr.) ... for your dad. (beat, to Walt) I’m sorry, it’s just, uh, they’ve been talking about that all day. And it’s just...
Do you have any thought about how we’re going to approach this with Walter, Jr?
-- Of course.  My point being -- the divorce.
Yeah, okay... um...  Last thing, and then I’ll let you go. (re:  papers) Um in the Child Support Worksheet... you list... medical, dental, child care, transportation, housing, education, food, clothing...
I mean, he certainly knows we’re separated.  So...
We’re in the process of moving him out.  Yeah.  Today, hopefully.  In the meantime, my son and daughter and I are staying with my sister.
God, I know.  Anyway, I certainly wasn’t ready to move us back. But... it’s time.  And we’re driving my sister and her husband up a wall, I’m sure.
Yeah.  Holly here, and a son in high school -- Walter, Junior. (firm now) They need to stay with me.
Honey, want another waffle..? (a beat) Still got the iron out.  I could cut up some bananas... Jesus, homemade waffles, even.  Unfortunately, this does nothing to thaw Walter, Jr.  Now, their kitchen phone RINGS.
Flynn... Walt, Jr. still won’t look at her.  Strictly into the phone:
I’ll take you to school.
Flynn, I’m taking you to school.
I don’t remember asking you, alright?  You wanna be supportive? Be supportive without all this prying, for god’s sake.
-- I’m not punishing you, Walt.
I’m gonna make you a deal, Walt. I won’t tell Hank... or your children... or anybody else. Nobody will ever hear it from me. But only if you grant me this divorce and stay out of our lives.
