When does he start physical therapy? The Hospital Administrator speaks up.  She thinks she’s delivering good news to Marie.
Actually -- she asked the doctor. Both sisters turn to the man, who tries to remain politic.
So what?  We’re just supposed to compromise on his care?
With all they’re giving him, he’ll sleep till morning. BREAKING BAD #309     "Kafkaesque"     AS BROADCAST      35.
Ted, it’s just... this whole thing with Hank has been one non-stop horror show, you know?  So...
When Walt was diagnosed -- it, um, it changed him.  Looking back, I don’t think I ever really understood what it was that he was going through.  It was more than facing death.  It was knowing that he was going to leave behind... nothing.  And so that’s how this all started.  For better or worse, he wanted to provide. (then) And so he paid his medical bills the only way he knew how. Walt’s stunned:  this is exactly how he would have explained it himself.  Marie can’t help asking the obvious question.
He couldn’t live with it.  He was suicidal. BREAKING BAD #309     "Kafkaesque"     AS BROADCAST      49.
Marie, you will take our money. Use it to take care of Hank. Marie is still trying to assimilate all that she’s heard. It’s a gigantic shift in perception.  Walt did this?  Good old reliable, cancer-saint Walt? Hearing this story, she’s got every reason to be angry at him... but hell, I guess he meant well, after all. Sky looks to Walt.  Taking her cue, he makes an earnest plea.
Absolutely not, and I need to keep it that way. (then) And Hank, okay?  Hank’s got enough on his mind, right now.  So, can we just please keep this between us? Walt can’t help but stare at Skyler with admiration:  my God, she’s thought of everything!  Marie nods, agreeing with Sky.
Walter.  You’ve been busy. (then) You wanna put your arms out to your sides for me, if you would. Walt does as he’s told, standing motionless as Mike gives him a quick yet thorough pat-down.  Mike’s an old pro at this. All clear.  Mike motions politely -- after you -- and the two of them head for the Suburban, walking side-by-side.
You know I haven’t slept since Thursday?  I was out all night cleaning up after you.  I need my sleep. Mike isn’t angry, just matter-of-fact.  More than that, actually.  Is he surprised?  Is this grudging admiration? Today, he’s seeing Walt in a whole new light.
Yeah?  Funny how words can be so open to interpretation. (glancing back) You get your car fixed?
Oh, no... no, thank you.  I’m sorry for the inconvenience --
I need to talk to you about something.  Something rather pressing. They’re seated now.  Gale is all ears.  As it’s a delicate subject, Gus considers how best to begin.  Finally:
He’s dying of cancer. Gale looks stricken.  Never one for displays of emotion, Gus nonetheless (for Gale’s sake) seems to share his pain.
