You wanna stay out of jail, dontcha?  You wanna keep your money and your freedom?  Because I’ve got three little letters for you:  I--R- -S.  If they can get Capone, they can get you. BREAKING BAD #309     "Kafkaesque"     AS BROADCAST      23.
It’s the Tax Man.  And he’s looking at you.  Now what does he see?  He sees a young fella with a big fancy house, unlimited cash supply and no job.  Now what is the conclusion the Tax Man makes?
Bzzt!  Wrong!  Million times worse - - you’re a tax cheat!  What do they do? THUD!  Saul slams the box down, trapping the cotton balls.
They take every penny!  And you go in the can for felony tax evasion! He stomps open a pedal-style trash can and swipes the nail polish right into it.  He lets the lid close with a CLANG.
Yeah, and if you want to stay a criminal and not become -- say, a convict -- then maybe you should grow up and listen to your lawyer. Now Jesse sees Saul’s angle.  This is all a sales job.
Ohhh-kay... um, does your “guy” know the tax code and regulations for New Mexico?  Cause, there’s very specific paperwork that has to be submitted quarterly on this.
So.  Walt tells me that you have, uh, some concerns I can alleviate. BREAKING BAD #311          "Abiquiu"         AS BROADCAST      18.
Uh, yes I do.  I have... concerns. No shit.  Glancing sidelong at Walt, you don’t have to be Kreskin to read her mind.  How the fuck did you end up with THIS guy?  Yet Skyler politely presses forward...
And as with most things, the Devil is in the details.  So to begin with, what are we saying is the source of this money?
Well.  You grow more gorgeous by the minute! (then; shrugs) Well, there you have it.  I’ll generate false Currency Transaction Reports out the wazoo, as well as the necessary W-2Gs.  I know a couple casino managers who will jump at the chance to report false losses.  So, win-win for everyone.
(interrupts) Yeah, I actually know what it is. It just that... in relation to Walt, it’s, I mean, it doesn’t make any sense. Walt is a silent, sick observer as these two go at it. Saul’s patience rapidly frays as she questions his methods. Trying to sound like he’s joking:
There it is. Saul proudly turns the camera screen toward us, revealing a PICTURE OF JESSE’S BRUISED FACE. BREAKING BAD #307    "One Minute"      AS BROADCAST      7.
Yo, Adrian.  Rocky called -- he wants his face back. We REVEAL Jesse in his hospital bed, as horrible as the picture showed, and feeling a hundred times worse.  Hank really did a job on him.  He can barely move his jaw, and his left eye is SWOLLEN SHUT from a broken eye socket, his face BRUISED and DISTENDED from a broken cheek bone. Jesse winces -- it hurts all over.  He wants to say “fuck off,” but it pains him too much to talk.  Reactions slightly woozy from a concussion -- his head feels half-full of thick fluid.
You’re now officially the ‘cute one’ of the group.  Paul, meet Ringo.  Ringo... Paul.
Hey, I may have overstated the, uh power of your face.
I guess crime does pay. Any little bit of happiness Walt may have had upon seeing Skyler fades out like a dying light bulb.  But he remains polite, neatly folding the dish towel in his hand.
Whatever Hank was investigating... Him trying to find an RV.  Is there any danger that could lead back to you? This question catches Walt (and us) a little off-guard.  Is Skyler showing concern for Walt’s safety?  Walt doesn’t think too much about it... she might just be nosy.
I’m here to talk about Hank.  You know what’s gonna happen to him if this Pinkman presses charges. (off his look) Hank could lose everything. Walt nods, somber.  He agrees.  And so?
What am I, eighth-grade hall monitor?  “Current whereabouts?” Lemme tell you something -- Saul starts to rise in protest -- but Mike stops him with a warning hand.
Let’s both get comfortable. Mike parks the chair right next to Saul, who lies propped up on his elbows.  Mike takes a seat, looming over Saul.
Yeah.  “Attorney-client privilege?” I mean, that’s a big one!  And that’s something I provide for you! So, if I give up Pinkman... well, then you’re gonna be asking “old Saul gives ‘em up pretty easy. What’s to keep him from giving me up?” (shrug) You see?  So, then, where’s the trust?
I trust the hole in the desert I’d leave you in.
(cocks the hammer) Yeah?  Why?
(softly, to Holly) Hi!  You’re a sweet girl... yes you are... yes you are... yes you are. (beat) I know... The sound of TIRES out in the driveway turns her attention. She closes her laptop and gently disengages her daughter. EXT. WHITE HOUSE - AFTERNOON - CONTINUOUS The Aztek is parked in the driveway.  The engine shuts off and Junior opens his driver’s door, retrieving his crutches from the backseat.  Walt rounds from the passenger side.
(frowns, dubious) You-you want your criminal associate taken into police custody?
(still not convinced) Pinkman in jail?  I don’t know: I’m picturing it and my... BREAKING BAD #312       "Half Measures"    AS BROADCAST    23.
(smartass beat) That’s jail. (catching on) You’re talking about a level 2 joint.
But our employer would find out. Like always.  And, if Pinkman were arrested... he’d take it as a problem. (level gaze) Walt, you got a good thing going here.  We all do.  You want to risk it all on one junkie? That’s a good question.  These days, who knows what Jesse will do?  What he’s capable of?  Walt certainly doesn’t. BREAKING BAD #312       "Half Measures"    AS BROADCAST    28.
Not with that money!  You’d be making us accessories after the fact! Walt’s eyes narrow.  Pretty legalistic of her.  He considers a moment.  Answers mildly, yet coldly.
Jesus.  Plan A, then.  Go!  Get to it before the feds do!
Well... next time plan for it, wouldja?!  The Starship Enterprise had a self-destruct button!  I’m just saying.
You’re a drug dealer. She says this quietly, evenly -- shocking us.  Walt blinks.
Yeah.  Yeah.  Where else could you possibly make that kind of money? (after another moment) Marijuana..?  That Pinkman kid..? BREAKING BAD #301     "No Mas"    WHITE   8/3/09     36. His silent expression inadvertently tells her “try again.”
