“Free?”  Oh ladies, cover your ears! (back to Jesse) BREAKING BAD #309     "Kafkaesque"     AS BROADCAST      22.
Sit.  Come on, come on.  Humor me for a second.  Now... you know you need to launder your money, right? (Jesse stubbornly stares) Do you understand the basics of it? Placement?  Layering?  Integration? Jesse lingers impatiently, ready to leave at any second.
Hey look.  Here’s you, right? Pink, Pinkman -- get it? Saul dumps cotton balls out of a clear plastic container to represent money.  He’s trying a little too hard to keep his explanation on Jesse’s level.
‘Kay.  Here’s your cash.  You’re out on the town, yeah, you’re “partying hearty,” you’re knockin’ boots with the chicky babes.  And -- uhh -- Who’s this? He hovers the open side of the plastic box threateningly over the pink nail polish and the cotton balls.
Ouch!  What was your mistake?  You didn’t launder your money.  Now, you give me your money -- that’s called placement.  Hand me that little thing... BREAKING BAD #309     "Kafkaesque"     AS BROADCAST      24.
No, that’s seventeen percent.
Yeah, that was for your partner. Privileges of seniority and all -- but for you it’s the usual seventeen percent, and... that’s a bargain. But as soon as Saul starts talking about Walt, Jesse’s already on his way out.  Saul calls after Jesse.
They’ll say they’re not denying coverage. (before Marie can argue) No-no.  I’m agreeing with you.  But I went through all this with Walt. You’ll burn through your savings, and then what?
Walt?  We can always pay their bills. Walt blinks, confused.  Marie frowns, breaking a smile and lifting an eyebrow.  It’s unlike her sister to talk nonsense.
-- We have the money.  More than enough. (then) Walt earned it. Marie glances over at Walt, but he’s blank with confusion -- and PANIC.  What is Skyler doing?!? Suddenly Walt knows with terrible certainty where this is headed -- Skyler is about to tell Marie everything.  Walt steps over to sit next to her, on her opposite side.
(to Marie; coolly, simply) He earned it gambling. Gambling?  Now Walt’s simply mystified.  Marie glances from one to the other -- hooked and wanting to hear more.
Walt and I, uh, we’ve had our problems lately.  You know that. And, uh... what it came down to, really, was money.  Pure and simple. Skyler glances at Walt with... is that a touch of empathy?
Yeah,  thought so, too.  The truth is, he never took their money -- not a dime.  He was too proud to take what he considered to be charity. (to Walt) Isn’t that right? Walt manages a numb nod.  However, Skyler isn’t coming down hard on him here -- she’s simply telling a story. BREAKING BAD #309     "Kafkaesque"     AS BROADCAST      47.
So all this is to say... we have the money. (a meaningful look to him) No more gambling -- but we have the money.
Fair enough.  I’ll walk you through the process.  First step is something we like to call “money laundering.”  Alright, take you’re money were represented by say... these jelly beans.
Y’know, I’m a bookkeeper -- so I actually, I know what money laundering is.
Uh-huh. (takes away jelly beans) Well. BREAKING BAD #311          "Abiquiu"         AS BROADCAST      19.
Well, it’s a little late on that. This is what happens when you decide to pay our bills with drug money. Walt considers her.  Screw it -- he makes a big confession.
If you’re gonna launder money Walt, at least do it right. Skyler climbs out.  After a beat, Walt joins her to look at: BREAKING BAD #311          "Abiquiu"         AS BROADCAST      26.
Based on her years of experience in money laundering, I suppose. (before Walt can argue) Lemme tell you something -- if you’re committed enough, you can make any story work.  I once convinced a woman that I was Kevin Costner, and it worked because I believed it.  Alright?  It has nothing to do with the story! BREAKING BAD #311          "Abiquiu"         AS BROADCAST      32.
What do you think that was in there?  A bluff?  He wants your brother-in-law.  And there’s gonna be a parade of lawyers creaming their Underoos for a case like that.  I mean, I’d take it myself if it wouldn’t cause so much collateral damage. (even more serious) And him cooking again?  Hey, when -- not if -- he gets caught, and he’s facing twenty years... what’ll he do then?  Believe me, there’s no honor among thieves. (then) Except for us, of course. Walt is stymied.  Saul is right.  Jesse is absolutely going to fuck them over.
Three.  Told you.  They’re all pretty good size. (re: the nursery) Oh, and this is the first one here. And there’s-there’s two more at the back.
(distantly) Y-Yeah... that’s an argument. Mike leans a bit closer.  Stays calm and conversational.
Because he loves his family and desperately wants a reconciliation. Though it may be hopeless and futile... then again, he’d try anything.
Okay, so, what?  We pay him off.
I really just need this quick and easy.  As quick as, you know, something like this can be.
-- Definitely a mortgage.  We’ve got maybe fifteen years on it.
I pretty much supported us while he did some post-doctoral work.  But really, here’s the thing:  I am not looking for any kind of loopholes, or, I dunno --
The financial end of things is something he and I can deal with. We’ll split everything fifty-fifty and just be done with it.  So... (thin smile) Yeah.  Quick and easy’s all I need. Ohhh-kay.  This attorney knows there’s some very big detail that Skyler is choosing to leave out.  The woman studies her for a moment -- then shoots gently, but straight.
Three million dollars for three months of your time. Holy crap!!  Holy... WHAT?  Did we just hear that right?! Walt blinks.  Stares.  Uhhh...
